= textmarks

This is a dead simple lib for communicating with the Textmarks.com API. Rather than writing out methods for each package and function, 
we use a simple method_missing setup so you can make calls like:

  > Textmarks.Test.echo :str => "echo this back"

  > Textmarks.Anybody.simulate_request :req => "KEYWORD user's text here"

  in general the format is

  > Textmarks.Package_name.function_name :keys_needed => :with_values

and so on. Capitalization is important here. I thought about doing some translation from underscores to CamelCase but am deciding against that for now. 

The advantage of this is an extremely small lib which can respond easily to any changes in the API. The drawbacks are that you need
to know the hash keys to pass to which methods, and if their API changes, current code will break. 

I really just wanted something simple to get up and running. If there's interest in further developing this, removing the method_missing
way of doing things, etc, feel free to send me a patch. 

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Jack Dempsey. See LICENSE for details.
